Update readme to include steps to install latest NATS manager and CR (#206)
kyma-project/nats-manager: README.md

This project is scaffolded using [Kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io), and all the Kubebuilder [`makefile` helpers](https://book.kubebuilder.io/reference/makefile-helpers.html) can be used.

## Install

> 

Reviewer: Are these instructions alternatives to each other, or subsequent steps?
I suspect they are both required, not alternatives. 
In that case, use a numbered list and add indentations to the code blocks so they're properly aligned below the respective step.

Author: They are required steps steps.

> Run the following command to install the latest version of the NATS manager on your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To install the latest version of the NATS manager on your cluster, run:
```
"First purpose, then instruction" makes it easier to detect what this is about (especially in contrast to the 2nd instruction).

> ```bash

Reviewer: add 3 blank spaces to each line of the code block

Author: Done

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/nats-manager/releases/latest/download/nats-manager.yaml
```

> Run the following command to install the latest version of the default NATS CR on your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To install the latest version of the default NATS CR on your cluster, run:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: add 3 blank spaces to each line of the code block

Author: Done
